Name: Taylor He
School year: Sophmore
Interests: food, programming, League of Legends, and math
Reason for joining FTC: 
     I joined Storm Robotics to recieve extensive information about and to expand on my knowledge of programming. However, this is not the only reason I joined Storm Robotics. The information can be learned anywhere and at anytime, but the experiences of participating in such an activity of which one loves and enjoys is unique. I have gain many friendships and the memories and experiences of the activity will last forever. 
    Firstly, I joined Robotics to expand and build on my pre-existing knowledge of programming. I learned new programming languages in the duration of the activity such as Microsoft C++, ROBOTC, and Python. One rather interesting language I self-taught myself while in Robotics was LOLCODE. LOLCODE is an esoteric programming language, which means that it is usually for purely entertainment purposes. Common abbreviations found in many social media websites are used in this language such as "KTHX" which exits out of a loop or reoccuring or conditional statement. Others include "I CAN HAS A", which declares an object. In addition, I have improved my fluency in the programming languages I have already experienced before. An example of one of these languages is Java. I am now aware of many new fields, methods, and types to help aid my efficiency for my future programming endeavors.
    Another reason of why I joined Storm Robotics for the experience. I made everlasting memories and many new friends.The great experience of waking up at 7 AM on a Saturday to host a competition that lasts for nine hours can be annoying, but the overall experience was rewarding and exhilarating for me. The Lenape-Cherokee FTC program, although statistically is not very successful, is a friendly activity that requires minimum effort and participation. I have met many new friends and experienced many amazing events that can not be replicated anywhere else in contrast to learning raw information from other places.
    In conclusion, I joined Storm Robotics because it is not only a fun and unique experience, but also to converse and learn from people more knowledgable than I in various programing languages. Because I have achieved both goals of mine and the club exceeded many expectations of mine, I am thoroghly satisfied with my experience here at Storm Robotics.